boolean hates you do it too many of you
moving English tea your long deep low
let's hop up and then
muy SI CJ you only learn guitar paul
allen or the whistle learn boy at senior
house inc in the heck i'm gone yeah i'll
show cheap one like I'm so fella hey hey
Sonia Gandhi Etta tap insulin goes ha
parle or your phone fun so so seen Leo
Coweta saola tensile lenser legal happen
so you let mojo guts in there my hunt
angle and then get a house in I come
gone yeah so seen each other side cut
open pull away in another color let that
sit on power corner there hey Dad boiler
it's a ve seen on Julia wiggle ah come
on boy I'm toodle-oo me ta consider the
changing fireside chat oman ahoy yamete
ET tum kahan hai dere ya Yin nation is
Hammond oh d gowalla so you tender
tender Tang horse all over la da Dada da
hah's gas in a
hey knock back out sat on Ken my posse
more some do some keep I so cheap hey
Davina wanna go to my daddy's hockey
know me huh see ya there yeah you know
hey Joey hi is Anita